# EZKL

`ezkl` is a library and command-line tool for doing inference for deep learning models and other computational graphs in a zk-snark (ZKML) using `halo2` as a backend. [Official documentation](https://docs.ezkl.xyz/).

`ezkl` represents a pioneering framework in zero-knowledge machine learning (ZKML) trusted by Giza. It is designed with ease of use in mind and efficiency to make easy zero-knowledge inference.

## EZKL Framework Features

1. Transpilation Process: it refers to performing the `setup` for the model where an ONNX model and a set of input data are used to generate the `circuit settings`, `proving key` and `verification key` files that are used to perform the inference. In Giza we aim to provide an easy way to perform this step providing compute resources and a simple command line interface. More on this in the [transpile documentation for ezkl](transpile.md).
2. Creating Verifiable Proofs: create a proof using the generated outputs of the setup process, we handle this step for you by loading the necessary files and performing the proof generation for you. More on this in the [prove documentation for ezkl](prove.md).
3. Verifying Proofs: verify the proof generated by an `ezkl` version, here we manage the execution of the verification process and the compute as well for you. More on this in the [verify documentation for ezkl](verify.md)
4. Deploying verifiable models: deploy a verifiable model ready to accept requests and abstract you from creating the proofs. Offering the model as an easy available API to ease integration and usage. For further information look at the [deploy documentation for ezkl](deploy.md).

For detailed more information about the framework check the [ezkl repository](https://github.com/zkonduit/ezkl).
